My quarantine fad of choice this last summer was gardening. Among other things, I was working
with some basil, and a friend of mine sent me a recipe for pesto. Turns out that they're
one of those good at cooking types, so instead of talking tablespoons or cups, this recipe
was all in grams. Seeing that I don't own a scale, I realized that I had stumbled upon
a totally real-world, definitely not contrived need for machine learning. I know how tall
the plants are, what species they are, and some other yada yada about the concentration
of some sort of chemical, and I need to estimate my basil mass. Thankfully, the previous tenant
of 10 years has been collecting measurements on this same plot, so I have some solid data
to work with. So what's our strategy? Maybe there's no need for anything fancy. We could
start out with a linear regression. Or maybe I'm the kind of feller that uses k-n-n in
the regression setting. We could run with that. Or maybe I'm feeling trendy and decide
that my best move is a neural network. Or... Okay, hear me out. What if I could figure
out some way to combine those outputs? I want to come up with some sort of model that generates
predictions that are informed by each of these constituent models. This is the premise behind
ensembling. Ensembling is a machine learning technique that has been shown to increase
predictive performance in a variety of settings. In a community survey conducted over the summer
by the TidyModels team, we learned that users felt that the number one priority for future
development in this ecosystem should be ensembling. This December, we are delighted to announce
the initial release of Stacks, a package for TidyModels-aligned model ensembling. When
you're coding up an ensemble with Stacks, most of the code you'll end up writing isn't
specific to Stacks at all. I'll skip over the code that generates these models, but
the gist is that I've created three model specifications here using functionality from
the TidyModels core. Packages like parsnip, workflows, recipes, and tune. The linear regression
spec here just defines one model definition. There aren't any hyperparameters to tune.
For this KNN model spec, though, I'm tuning over several possible numbers of neighbors,
so this spec actually defines four model definitions. Finally, for this neural network model, I'm
tuning over six combinations of numbers of hidden layers and dropout rates, so this spec
defines six model definitions. In Stacks, each of these eleven model definitions are
called candidate members, or candidates for short. These candidates are the building blocks
for an ensemble. The first step to putting together a model stack is the Stacks initialization
function, which works kind of like the ggplot function from ggplot2. It lays the foundation
called a data stack for the model to be built on top of. Now, the first core verb in Stacks
is add candidates. It takes in a candidate and adds it. We can iteratively call the function
as many times as we need to to add all of the candidates. Under the hood, add candidates
collects predictions on a subset of the training data from each candidate and appends them
as columns to the data stack. The second core verb is blend predictions, which fits a regularized
linear model on the data stack, predicting the true outcome using the predictions from
each of the candidate members. We call the coefficients of this linear model stacking
coefficients. A stacking coefficient of zero means that the predictions for the relevant
candidate will not ultimately influence the model stack's predictions. Candidate members
with non-zero stacking coefficients earn the title of members, and we can fit them on the
whole training data using the fitMembers function. And that's it. The output of fitMembers is
ready to predict on new data. Fingers crossed that I'll nail this pesto recipe.
Ninh Ly – www.ninh.co.uk – www.xmlpsd.org